[Music]
Family and
those of you on YouTube, subscribe
completely free. A little thing,
family, I've done here to watch it with
you for a couple of days now, but
since he was
off the joint, the joint thing is a joke, I
mean, for me, the joint thing is a
joke, I don't know why there has to be something
there, what night it's gotten out of my hands
because there has to be something for which
they're giving credit more than a simple
no, it's not that I'm eating very well now
denied, so I don't think they
have anything more to it, the joint thing, I understand
that sarcasm is not a joke. Well,
family, I have this here since I want it to be
quite powerful, okay, not
only does he have an opinion on the Chocas thing,
but he also
lets out
some pretty strong gossip, but
very strong gossip, okay, it
exposes the falsehood of Chocas' friends and friends
and
it seems that they're saying things behind their backs that are not the same as what they say up front and the intelligent people with heads, I ate you gave the questions the plan of, hey, what do you think of what the big streamers have said because I have a mask in my pocket
big about the socas and all that and I'm not
going to give my opinion well yes the age
really but I'm not going to give it as I'm not going
to get too wet because I don't like to
mess with people I like I
get along well with people and I simply think
that the big strippers who have said what they
think the vast majority not
all with some and I quite agree they
seem like [ __ ] hypocrites
but it's not that now then you're the
same as them because throwing your skin
because I talk like Cletus from the Simpsons you
have to throw it your skin will fall it's like
when Dani Rovira imitates a hick not in
a monologue they throw the stone and hide their
hand or something like that he
says he didn't exhibit for some but others
are [ __ ] and public
thanks
also Ginger for the two tables or
machines he saw it but basically I don't say I do
n't take off that I get along well with people and I
don't want you to think that they call me on
twitter for example imagine imagine okay if I
said I
don't agree at all with what
the robot said about the chocas well
people on twitter instead of  say okay
ricky thinks differently than the opinion that
revolt has given on a specific topic
people think ricky burns them king
born they hate each other and if ricky has a video
with euro in play bounce his day he got angry
with play and then he is excused for I don't know
what it means that ricky hated play
okay that's how twitter works well since I'm not interested since I'm not
interested in getting
into that [ __ ]
[Music]
well like some [ __ ] [ __ ] the
most something happens called
destroyed but well I'm here the
important thing this already dominated today an hour
I think or two at the most and I'm going to pass on
something that master you know that also talks
about a problem that has happened to him
okay ricky is mixing a couple of
things and then hold on I wake up
less it's early today I want to
go to bed early because tomorrow at 9
in the morning they
make the egg on me and they bring up some things but I know what it will be but they don't show where the egg is I think what I think that I think it's important to give give your opinion on important things that happen in the world yes yes to the streamer
who has had the most in the country  or whatever
occasion a season or whatever it is
read if he is caught with a
secondary account that he uses to insult
you anymore man today I have had
live streams
today I have had live streams
but I am not going to comment on it because I
comment on them I am not one to bite my tongue
but I have had live streams of people
criticizing yoga for multiple accounts
when they have multiple accounts to
insult people and then play the
victim
I was freaking out when his
live streams were the most in charge explained there are a lot of people who
are criticizing the clash that they are being
amazing
defend themselves do not insult for free and
suck [ __ ] also as he has done
socas on the account this I think is something
that is wrong
the verdict came out yesterday because six
years later that brief comes out I think that
a person who does that does it wrong if they
do it wrong I think that what they have
done wrong yes and I think that he is not
ready to return yet and that he needs to
have talks with people who know about
the subject and who know well from more than
mental health but not mental health my
mother has not given me money to
buy joints this weekend I am going to
start doing  a space talking about
ramona on twitter not real mental health
not from the ni nis of twitter
but from people who really need
help I think that yes clearly we need to I
think that what is needed now gave his opinion
on this very well the filter gave his opinion on this for
joining the lynching cause 8 it
's almost the trend and I don't know what I don't know how much
to me the doubts collide is that I don't even
follow them on tweets because it's content
that doesn't catch my attention I
find it funny at first when
half arrived but then it lost its grace because it
was the same thing all the time d
if your mother there are a lot of people I understand that it is
funny that they value it and leila
directly because [ __ ] he is a crack me who
is a crack on a personal level the
little that I could talk to him in the
stands and such seemed to me like a sun of a person
who passes by who discovers that his back was
carrying I am he will say a lot of [ __ ] well it's
normal that people withdraw tion
what happens is that there are a lot of people from this
month greats who were friends of his
who only talk about things because the
good and the bad of having contacts of
being in this  world in front of everything
be it for good or for bad and I find out
one thing is good as a variant the
first is that there are people from his group of
lifelong friends who have proposed to ignore him
when he returns this
has seemed
despicable to me I mean if you consider that you
clash is your friend or whoever but if you
consider that you go in parallel
everything is worth forgiving this way theriot and
if you consider that a creator is your
friend
at what point does it occur to you to
ignore him and say it behind his
back so that he doesn't find out I don't know
why because you know the bad thing about this
environment is that we all find out about everything
because we are all graves we can all
say who but not who no but I don't
have faces and yes it is because the
person who said it and the people
who have supported him in the group and have
said it are these or they know who they are
and they know the [ __ ] garbage that they are for
many affections millions of you could have no matter
how big they are they know the [ __ ]
[ __ ] that they are that of no no no no no it's that
I have to disassociate my
public figure from  you collide because with what
has fallen on him and now I do not want to be related to me
such that I have this
sponsor behind is that I have this brand
behind what mind pasta for this
project is that I have it is total how am I going
to say now how am I going to invite him
to my series how am I going to invite him to my
things how am I going to put him in the lists
of participants of my [ __ ] how am I going
to
also friends [ __ ] shitty friends
but because they are not friends you know that
people on the internet people believe that
people on the internet let's see you can make
colleagues friends people even that you
can catch appreciation for the temper such
by the end friends friends friends for
those you are going to look at level play you
a collaboration play all brand few
few very few you know the problem here would not be
that now an internet payment to
someone who was a friend of yours now
how did that happen to you from behind
no the problem is not that the problem is that
the problem is that now is when
the real face of what there is with him comes out you
collide what I go saying a year let's
see what he is doing the clash is not
normal I am insulting people
insulting their followers  even
when what they enjoy when there is no
even when they donated and things
with a reason is that the behavior of the
choca will be totally variable in tweets
the problem is that while it has
been successful and while they have
taken it as a joke
for living in a very public society
that they take as a joke according to the
fashions
the problem is that the guests eriel
have been laughing at the thanks and there has not
been any big youtuber - he chose
one who was at the time said this
castle chocano the normal thing
but I was going to read in the thanks the
others inviting them to series and so on it's
like no man if you are seeing what the
guy is like don't wait for the whole
story to explode
in the last live and vice of 710 you
lose pass me the link or sakura to see if it
has something that you pass me in the face or
please but what is what I am telling you the
problem is not that now they give it aside I
see it logical I
see it logical that they squeeze them powerful
now aside the most logical thing in the world it is
not about falsehood in the first place that it
damages your image that  It hurts
your series
that the brands don't collaborate with you
because there's this guy who has to
do these things,
it's normal and on top of that, a guy who
counts everything,
I put you green
in his real thinking, do you
understand me, even my friend Enrique
Polla, if he doesn't have it, he puts you green
Javi and I one said that there are people who have
proposed that they isolate her from all the
projects, of course,
normal, I do
n't know who will be asked but I am
Ibai and I am Aurum Plate or I am
Mariana Hoyos, from any of these, I do
n't invite him anymore,
well, I'm going to fight with him, I'm going to have
a war with them, whatever you want,
but I don't invite him anymore
and what makes my back green
is that the subject I already said the other
day what they are saying, not
mental health, I don't know what tone, it is a
mental health problem
that everyone says that it is like that, this is a guy
who, well, now the victim is based
because it is wide but that this is not an
issue, hence the mental health that we are
talking about, he described when sometimes when
talking about that [ __ ], God
I want me dead,
with people who really have
health problems  mental
6 as if they catch me and what can I say, me
doing the worst thing here,
I can't imagine what they
catch me doing here, I've done
the same thing, robbing
a bank
with the comparables of the case, they couldn't
imagine
that they catch me
[Music]
that they put the example or doing something
terrible,
cheating on my wife, they
envy me, putting it with my
wife and I say, oh, careful, read the novel, it's
mental health, mental health is that I
did it because it was bad, necessary to
manage
and be able to fail so many people at the same time and
enjoy it
no longer makes sense, it
's a guy that you caught what I
was doing was having 800,000
multi-accounts insulting people,
fighting with people
it's as if the comment box of the
video of the fact of Rabal or the
comment box on the cable that I made a
video on YouTube in the fans for
the pets of
which I am at the level of what I
care about what I put, that has been noticed,
time for that, do you
understand,
on the contrary, what seems logical to me
would be  that they don't invite me anywhere anymore
but it shouldn't be
that it shouldn't be because now
the multi accounts have caught it
it should have been for all the
things that he has done a long time ago
the video that I made a year ago
s enjoying the one that I was enjoying
the followers because they
had only donated 20 euros
to her the people who were applauding
that is that in the middle of
today is the day
in my opinion if it has to do with
mental health someone in their right mind does not pretend to be
katie surrounding themselves with women and
self sucking cello in public what
is wrong is that they downplay
what he asks me oh
and suddenly he gave me the camera here it
turned on and I am hitting my wife
no
and when my wife becomes
vital the entire internet cancels me and
then I say it's
my mental health because someone
who is in their right mind does not hit
my wife
that the comparison has nothing to do with of
course but in those who
are not familiar
that no that no the issue of mental health
that I could no longer judge if it is right
or wrong or what  whatever but the pineapple
or the ice cream cart
and the only problem he has
but that when crashing what stop
inviting him to places or eating slogans the
eggs - and give him an award how much
those that should not be given now because he
has expanded that he speaks badly of behind your
back you are talking about me
careful closed fist jara pissed off
eugenio do not get angry the
crashing the problem has everyone
who reads invites those who
helped them to give even more fame to a
guy who was going through life like this
on the other hand people who have taken advantage
to jump on the bandwagon of the socas issue not
those who steal content and upload it to
youtube come on what he
had that he has used it from the stick
I already said last year that he
did things wrong I don't know what and then you
put on the series the squid craft of
minecraft he sees them eating his [ __ ]
and says okay that you really disliked him
crash that you were very clear that this was
going to happen at some point that you
knew that this was going to reach his wife
this you have told me  that could be a
support for me derrick wants but I don't
think so because look at what he says I'm telling you since
you knew this since you know that
the turkey was going to become an [ __ ]
this year and that he was going to have an account
to release [ __ ] on twitter and that's why
when the last series of
content in which I coincided 66 super
buddies
I was in force almost all the videos
on youtube are together and the whole side
was released towards disappearing
[Music]
no
canarias meters at once and we
greet each other and that's it
what could it be
I have made change cross one more vein was
not all the videos together I know that I don't
know how many for
that wow
with stillness taken charge of calama very is to
pass one hundred percent is that I with
clash in the game of calama at three
seconds
since you knew this and besides I have been
talking about the clash for a year
since the turkey was going to become an
[ __ ] this year and that he was going to have an
account
of time of course all for me it can't be to
release [ __ ] on twitter and that's why
when the last series  of
content in which I coincided 66 super
buddies and I had is that you [ __ ]
and all the YouTube videos are
together and all the styles towards liza
to claim how I had a million from Vigo
is not equal there you thought everything I
did was the same and you thought it was okay that I
sent someone to be called fat
or you thought it was okay that it wasn't because it's
referring to me not a chance
shut your mouth because I don't know how much
disrespect people when you said it no no no no
I this has been going on for a long
time that this wasn't
right and I stopped associating like a
lying bastard lying bastard also you ca
n't there are many people will see that I
open my mouth about things that are lies
man but a FIBA anger because I
know that the best of all that I for the
mind of the circle of this month of Spain
is the last in his fight is saying
and I go a [ __ ] [ __ ] 15 reales
wilfredo welcome to the family man
thank you very much well I confirm it
are the latest [ __ ] [ __ ] and I don't
give a damn I don't care that I am delighted with my
community of 19 meters mess is
simply in messes I look for them
but I look for them and I fail them because that's why I
make them because we live in
Andorra you have to give it a go but the
thing about a creator taking a week
of vacation and taking advantage of the fact that they are
seven days away to go to therapy to
seek help and to solve their
mental problems because that is a [ __ ]
mental problem what the thing is this
person and things as they are that is how
his friends take advantage of it to
look I want
someday I will tell it well okay Alba
Sofia thank you very much for renewing
I have indications from people that I have already
said several times leave past the chocas
of people who have multiple accounts from
others October who have multiple accounts
to enjoy my country and sing it to me
balls that is a multi account the day
that I can prove it I can
tell the things and the nonsense that he
puts to me from the PSUV multi account having
the shamelessness of Nevis very
public subject and the day that I tell that and
some blow comes to me could tell me that that
is a mental problem
that day to pay choose why
could I  get really pissed off and explode
please he
's a guy who was telling you at
50 what he didn't have the balls to say
from the accounts from his account with his
face point point
nonsense of some mental problem
6 when the sun is in his live shows to
all the followers and to the people who
enjoyed it and the extremes that he
enjoyed as they have never handled it so that he
returns to this port this one
can't be part of the group again and is going to
organize a tournament of something an event
thank you very much a hug of everything that
is an activity of whatever and this one
can't come I don't want it to be it's
not worth using having a mental problem
as a shield if they don't want to invite him it
seems to me the most normal thing is a lie
imagine that you are
blonde
and you find out that and I juan
behind your back
chus and where
his children will already eat something and not see
where he subsists he erases them
imagine that I am the blonde and I
find out that I juan tells me truths for
the blonde of an [ __ ] the blonde thinks he
is the best but I am the best
I do not invite him anymore
this brand but he will not know that  they invite them
because they want to look good, that the
losers of twitter said like that, I don't
think the first ones on twitter will take it
if you I don't know what for look is
organizing something invited to give
and therapy is useless I don't know because no
I never know personally I am one of those
people who do not believe in psychologists
or in therapies and that do not believe I'm sorry I
know it sounds [ __ ] crazy that you freak out
in a large part of the public that
freaks out that redundant on top of it stupid
in part it is like that but it's not that I
think I have the mentality at least for the
moment strong enough
to kill whoever when I tried to
throw [ __ ] at me I think I can
allow it at least for the moment maybe I
say moment in which I say I can't handle
my life in fact the fact
is that today I was not going to come directly because I
needed to sleep because I need hours
of sleep
the problem that
yesterday I discovered something about
someone very close to me that has
had me but I say it I would not see it I would not
see it as false you would see it as logical
plan kuchar I like a person who
puts you down are you going to continue inviting an
event well no
sincerely
[Music]